---
layout: post
image: 'assets/images/2023-nov-roadmap.jpg'
title: 'Nov 2023 Update - v1 Roadmap'
date: 2023-11-14 10:18:00
categories: [ update ]
tags: []
author: jason
---

I'm thrilled to finally share the roadmap for our much-anticipated Fasten Health Version 1 release!

📋 **Key Features and Milestones for Version 1:**


1. **Database Encryption at Rest:**

   Security is at the core of Fasten Health. In v1, we've implemented robust database encryption at rest, ensuring that your health data is stored with the highest level of protection -- protecting your data even as it lives on your own device.

2. **Desktop Apps for Mac (and Windows soon):**

   The [Fasten Health for Mac Desktop App](https://forms.gle/eExjsMN912bXBZ538) is available as a Public Beta! Desktop apps open Fasten Health to a whole new world of users. No longer do you need to be a technologist who knows Docker inside out. This move not only helps us refine our product with diverse feedback but also contributes to the growth of our community. At the same time, it empowers patients by offering them a new app that solves real health-management related problems without compromising their data privacy.

   [Click here to try it out](https://forms.gle/eExjsMN912bXBZ538)

3. **Manual Medical Record Entry:**

   We understand the importance of flexibility in managing your health data. With our upcoming v1 release, you'll be able to manually enter important aspects of your medical history, including conditions, medications, procedures, lab results, private patient notes and more. This feature ensures that your health record is truly comprehensive and reflective of your unique health journey.

4. **Support for most Major Healthcare Providers in the US:**

   We are delighted to announce that Fasten Health integrates with Medicare, United Healthcare, and Kaiser Permanente, among countless other major medical providers. This means that our platform now supports 40 of the 50 largest insurers in the US, along with a vast network of healthcare institutions (almost 28,000 at last count), offering you unparalleled access to your health data in one centralized hub.


A heartfelt thanks go out to the numerous Github users who've contributed and the Reddit/Discord users who've discussed & brainstormed with me. As always, your trust and support has been incredibly humbling and keeps me motivated!

Stay tuned to [Discord](https://discord.gg/Bykz6BAN8p) and our [Mailing List](https://forms.gle/SNsYX9BNMXB6TuTw6) for more updates as we approach this significant milestone.

---

I you're interested in supporting Fasten Health, please consider purchasing a [Fasten Self-Hosted Lifetime License - **$200**](https://buy.stripe.com/fZe00deiUexS58Y4gg) - only available to the first 500 users - [Click here to dive into the details & FAQs](https://docs.fastenhealth.com/FUNDRAISING.html)
