---
layout: post
image: 'assets/images/2023-april-update.png'
title: 'April 2023 Update'
date: 2023-04-17 10:18:00
categories: [ update ]
author: jason
---


Fasten Health, the innovative healthcare platform that empowers patients to take control of 
their medical records, is proud to announce several exciting new features and upgrades 
that have been added to the platform in the past month.

Fasten Health now supports almost 10000 healthcare institutions, with thousands more expected to 
join in the coming months. Patients can easily connect with their personal accounts, importing their 
electronic medical records for seamless integration with the Fasten Health platform. And for those 
who want to test the platform without using real data, Sandbox credentials filled with synthetically
created test data are still available.

But that's not all! Fasten Health has also introduced several other new features designed to enhance 
the patient experience. Patients can now manually enter their medical records using a helpful form 
that includes fields for conditions, medications, practitioners, locations/organizations, 
surgeries/procedures, and more. Additionally, patients can upload documentation such as PDFs and notes, 
as well as medical imaging results in DICOM format.

Fasten Health has also added patient-friendly descriptions for medical codes such as LOINC/SNOMED, 
providing valuable context that helps patients better understand their medical history.

Other recent upgrades include the addition of branding logos and homepages for many sources, making 
it easier for patients to recognize their providers. Provider search has also been enhanced with 
pagination, full-text search, and filtering by tags (coming soon).

Fasten Health has also fixed some broken healthcare institutions, including Aetna, Anthem/BlueCross, 
and Kaiser Permanente (coming soon). The company has also launched a new blog at https://www.fastenhealth.com 
and created a policy repository at https://github.com/fastenhealth/policy, where users can view changes to 
the platform's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

Finally, we're excited to announce that our founder Jason Kulatunga will be presenting a talk at the DevDays 2023 
conference in Amsterdam. The presentation, titled "Using Graph-theory to Empower Patients and answer 
questions," will explore how Fasten Health (and other developers) can leverage Graph Theory help patients answer the questions
that actually matter to them. If you'll be attending DevDays 2023, we'd love to meet you and chat about Fasten 
Health and patient empowerment.

We're thrilled to be offering these exciting new features and upgrades to the Fasten Health platform,
and we look forward to continuing to improve the patient experience. [Stay tuned](https://forms.gle/SNsYX9BNMXB6TuTw6) for more updates!
