---
layout: post
image: 'assets/images/2023-march-update.png'
navigation: true
title: 'March 2023 Update'
date: 2023-03-15 10:18:00
categories: [ update ]
author: jason
---

Fasten Health, the open-source personal/family electronic medical record aggregator, has made significant
strides in the past month. The team has been working tirelessly to bring you new and improved features 
that make the platform even more useful for you and your family's healthcare needs.

The most notable update is the expansion of the Fasten Health network. The platform now supports almost 
6000 healthcare institutions, with thousands more on the way. This means you can connect your personal 
accounts and import your own electronic medical records from a vast array of sources. If you're just 
testing out the platform, you can continue to use Sandbox credentials, full of synthetically created test data.

Another exciting new feature is the ability to manually enter your medical records using our helpful 
form. This includes information about your conditions, medications, practitioners, locations/organizations, 
surgeries/procedures, and more. For patients in the US, these fields support auto-complete using data from 
National Practitioners Database (Locations/Practitioners/Organizations), National Library of Medicine 
(Medication and Procedures), and Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (Conditions).

In addition, Fasten Health has added branding logos and homepages for many sources, making it easier 
to recognize your provider. The platform's provider search feature has also been enhanced, adding pagination, 
full text search, and filtering by tags (coming soon).

The team is continually working on further improvements to Fasten Health, and the next few months 
promise to be even more exciting. Uploading documentation (PDFs, notes, etc.) and medical imaging 
results (DICOM) are coming soon.

Fasten Health is committed to delivering an open-source, self-hosted personal/family electronic 
medical record aggregator designed to integrate with thousands of insurances/hospitals/clinics. 
We believe that healthcare should be accessible to everyone, and Fasten Health is our way of 
contributing to that vision.

If you haven't tried Fasten Health yet, what are you waiting for? [Sign Up Now](https://forms.gle/SNsYX9BNMXB6TuTw6) and take control 
of your healthcare.
